Working from home is career suicide. And
we only talk about the upside of working
from home. And here we go. We know that
people don't really want to hear this.
Think about what's happening in the
world. [music] Declining birth rates,
declining marriage rates, and loneliness
epidemic. And we think that none of that
is linked to the number of people that
like don't see people because they're
like doing Zoom calls from their living
[music] room. Like it's so crazy to not
make that correlation.
>> I'm Francine Lacqua, and this is
Leaders, the podcast that explores what
drives the world's most influential
people. This week I'm speaking to Emma
Grede. She's the chief executive and
co-founder of Good American and [music]
founding partner of Skims, the shapewear
and loungewear brand which was valued at
$5 billion
>> [music]
>> in November 2025.
Now, the last 10 years have seen her
star rise. A lot of it down to her
successful partnerships with a celebrity
family named the Kardashians. But now
may be a pivotal time for her. And I I
wanted to talk to her about one of the
best and worst days of her [music]
career. How she leads with radical
honesty, and why as a self-styled
behind-the-scenes woman, she's now
chosen to step out into the limelight.
[music]
Emma Grede, thank you so much for
joining us. It's exciting to speak to
you again. It's so lovely to see you
again. Talk to me about the Good
American. The day you launched was seen
as one of the biggest successes almost
of all times in the denim world.
A million, right, in sales?
>> Mhm. But then you write in your book
that actually was it was quite stressful
and didn't go to plan. You know what?
That's an understatement because it's
really interesting when something from
the outside looks so perfect. And in one
way, it was a total dream. You know, it
was the first time that I'd done a
business in apparel. And for all intents
and purposes, it was like this
beautiful, amazing thing that went so
well. Except from the inside where, you
know, I had no inventory. We'd had this
beautiful dream first million-dollar day
that kind of went down in history. But
behind the scenes, I was scrambling. I
had like a waitlist kind of coming out
of my ear holes and no way to satisfy
the demand. But more than that, I had
like this kind of doubt permeating
through the company, on the board, with
my shareholders that perhaps because of
that oversight that I wasn't the right
person to to run the company. Um and
actually looking back, it's kind of
interesting that I never felt any fear
around that moment. I just kind of
looked at everyone and was like, "Leave
me alone. I'm going to figure it out."
But actually
>> There was not a moment where you
thought, "Actually, I, you know, I need
to take a step back or I need to
convince the board" or
No. And it's so interesting because so
many people talk to me about, you know,
impostor syndrome and being a first-time
founder. I never had any of that. I
always think like if not me, then who?
You know, I I like I In my head, it was
my idea and I'd brought it to fruition
and I was going to figure out any of the
problems. And so much of being an
entrepreneur is about figuring it out.
You never have the answers. And I think
if you have the answers, you're probably
not moving fast enough. But the board
told you off. I got a bit of a telling
off, yeah. Well, I wouldn't say a
telling off. There were just some
dismissive tones. Like, "Ugh." You know,
it's like I was a genius at 9:00 a.m.
and by noon, it was like, "Perhaps
you're not, you know, best suited for
this role." And I just completely
dismissed that.
>> So how do you regroup?
>> [laughter]
>> In a really tumultuous like way. I
think, you know, I did what I know to
do, which is when you don't know
something, you ask somebody who does.
And so I started calling around. I tried
to like information gather. I was
calling competitors. I was calling
retailers. I was like literally visiting
factories. And so in a way, you could
literally get on the ground and say
like, "How can I, you know, how can I
change this? How can you move this?" But
the simple fact was the fabric wasn't
available because I hadn't had the
foresight to get out in front of the
calendar and know what I was, you know,
up against. But a new brand is a new
brand. There was no data. There was no
history. There was nothing telling me
that this was going to be that
successful. And so would I've done
anything different? No, I don't think
so. What did you learn about yourself?
Because a lot of chief executives will
say, "Look, it's only by learning and
failing that finally you have the
posture to say like, 'Look, I got
this.'"
>> Yeah. But you you think I got this right
from the start. I really did. And
perhaps that was naivety, but I knew I'd
figure it out. In my head, I just
thought this is just another problem.
And my life is a series of problems. As
a leader and as somebody who starts
companies and builds things from
scratch.
>> Did you tell the employees or did you
celebrate with them and figure it out by
yourself?
>> I Do you know, I had no choice. The
great thing about Good American at the
start is that I'd chosen that initial
team really well. So I had veterans in
my business. The person, and thank God
she still works with me now, but in a
different company. But the woman that
was really in charge of products had
been in the denim space for 20 years.
And the guy that ran all design really
was, you know, like so ingratiated in
the denim community in LA that we were
able to literally knock on doors and ask
favors. And so I thankfully surrounded
myself with people who knew better and
could help me open doors. You You talk a
lot about, you know, giving employees
honest feedback. Is that Is that radical
honesty? What How do you describe it?
>> radical honesty, but that's also so much
about who I am. And so I've always
thought to myself, I can just be honest
with myself. I don't need to walk around
with some, you know, guilt on my
shoulder and carrying stuff that doesn't
serve me. So for me, it's just about
honesty, take the learning, move on.
What does that look like when you talk
to employees? Uh it looks very
straightforward. Here's the thing. I
don't think anybody in my organizations
ever wonder what I'm thinking. Nobody's
like, "Oh my I'm trying to figure out
how Emma's feeling." It's like I am
really firm and really fair. I have
very, very, very high expectations for
myself and for everybody around me. I
give very, very clear feedback. And my
job as founder and as a CEO is to have
the vision, right? But it's to
communicate that vision downwards. And
so I'm in a constant conversation with
everyone around me. I think I'm super
repetitive. I say the same three things
over and over and over again. And
everybody in the organization should be
able to know what our priorities are and
know what we're doing. And so I think
I'm a little bit of a broken record, but
I think that there's an element of
consistency that comes with And I'm I'm
bloody consistent.
>> And you've talked before about needing
different people around you to go from
10 million to 100 million to 5 billion.
>> Oh, don't you just? It's not the same
people. And you know, I I kind of raised
myself in business having an enterprise
mentality. I learned that very, very on.
I'm not here to do people favors.
Business is business. And I do what's
best for the company every single day.
Um and often that is what's best for the
individual. Nobody wants to be kept in a
role that they're not best suited to
because that never works out for the
individual or for the organization. So
I've learned um over time that, you
know, what is good for the company is
ultimately good for everybody.
>> But what is that? Ruthlessness? I don't
know that it's ruthlessness. I think
that it is just being able to delineate
what is right at the time. And, you
know, here's the thing. I I think
specifically as a female leader, you're
judged on, you know, how empathetic are
you? And so I think the way that we work
and the reason that I think directness
is always best, we all know where we
stand all the time. I'm not waiting for
an assessment moment or a six-month mark
or some kind of like formal review. If
you're failing, you probably know you're
failing because we've probably spoken
about it. It's not like a bolt out of
the blue.
>> So how do you hire? Do you hire people
that you think can take the heat in the
kitchen? Or do you expect everyone to
just, you know, take it? Well, I hire
differently for different stages of the
business. But I think in the beginning,
you know, you want generalists. You want
people that are going to have a, you
know, "I'll do that" hand-up mentality,
whatever it is. I think as businesses
mature, you're looking for more, you
know, category and subject and
departmental expertise. And typically
hiring for an enormous amount of
experience. But for me, what I place so
much value on is flexibility. You have
to be willing to look and take your
experience and do things a little bit
differently. So I'm always trying to
hire for people that are seriously
experienced, but seriously flexible.
>> Is there a concern with loyalty? I mean,
is our employees still loyal if if
they feel that you can cut them off at
any point? I mean, I don't know about
cutting them off at any point. And I
think that loyalty is something that you
earn. You know, there's a trust in a
business. And it really is about people
learning to trust that what you say is
what you mean and is what happens. And
when you do that, you can be trusted
regardless. Do Do you think a lot about
incentives? Yeah, I mean, I think that
that is just the expectation. Like
incentives have to be built in for the
best people. And that happens at all
levels of the organization. Everybody
has to understand how the incentives
come to be, right? The company has to
perform well in order for the incentives
to be, you know, created. But then for
them to be paid out and to make sense.
>> You can't mention Emma Grede without the
Kardashians. In a way, they were her
biggest supporters. She reportedly met
matriarch Kris Jenner first [music] and
pitched teaming up with Khloe Kardashian
for Good American. But was there
actually a moment, a meeting of minds?
And how did she convince some of the
most famous people in the world [music]
to go into business with her?
Can you talk to me about the the the
pitch when you pitched Good American to
the Kardashians? There was never such a
like a pitch idea. You know,
specifically with Good American, there
was an idea that I had and I really felt
that the partnership would, you know,
make this thing just accelerate, but it
never is, you know, how people kind of
see it in the movies. There was a
relationship that existed and a moment
in time, and the best things and the
best businesses always work when what's
happening in the culture chimes with
whatever you're doing. And I think at
that moment, when you go back nine years
ago, the idea of body positivity and
what it meant to do real inclusivity in
fashion just wasn't what it was today.
And so, I think that whenever you're
starting something, it's like this
melting pot and a smorgasbord of small
decisions and the right thing in the
culture and the right moment in time and
you being the right person and some
element of magic has to happen, but
there's never like this like bingo
moment where everyone goes, "Yeah, let's
go."
>> Don't you have to I mean, you you had to
sell your idea, right, at some point?
>> Yeah, but you know, like you never need
to sell an idea that is like that good,
you know? It's like there's an idea and
then there are people that decide to
jump on board, but you know, again, I
think it like it feels more more like a
fantasy to be like there's this moment
of sell and this moment of yes, because
the best partnerships hey, happen over
time and they come together because
everybody has something to bring to the
table. And I think that that was one of
those magical moments.
>> A lot of people have ideas, but then
they don't really come to to fruition.
Well, a lot of people just they have,
you know, things that they want to do in
their head, and an idea can live on a
piece of paper or on your desktop for
the longest time, but you've got to get
out. The hardest thing is to just get
out of the gate. But what why what's
holding people back? And I do see that a
lot, actually. People are either too
afraid or don't or say they don't know
where to start or they don't have the
capital.
>> You know, I don't come from a background
where I had either the capital or the
network or like the educational
background or any of those things. I
just tried a lot of stuff, and
eventually one of those things happened
to work out. And at some point, you've
just got to take whatever it is that you
have and try. And again, I think that
we're in such a time where there's this
idea that everything has to be like a
billion-dollar brand. Everything has to
be a unicorn. But you've managed to to
do everything at scale, right? So, it's
smart I mean, everything that you know
about.
>> [laughter]
>> Okay, what are the failures? There's a
ton of failures. There's a ton of things
that I've done that didn't work. And
when I think about my early businesses,
I'd opened offices that didn't quite
work out. I have, you know, grown
companies and then had to downsize them,
and those things are really painful.
Right now, we only show the glossy side,
the amazing things, the great headlines,
the stuff we want to put on our
Instagram. And the reality is, anyone
who is an entrepreneur that's done
multiple things will have failed. And
you have to get comfortable with this
idea of not everything working out. It's
not always that you did something wrong.
It's that this thing in this time, this
situation didn't work for a myriad of
reasons. So long as you figure out what
are those reasons and what did I learn
from it and what will I do different
next time, then that that has to be left
behind. And I think that if you look
around in the culture, that is way
harder for women than it is for men,
because women are held to an entirely
different standard when they start
things and they fail. And yet, we have
men that fail over and over again and
close it down and go out and raise the
next day, and nobody mentions anything
about it.
>> So, what once you have a failure, do you
do a postmortem to see what went wrong?
Do you? What with the whole team?
>> I tell you
absolutely. And you really have to
understand, well, what did you do,
right? Because I think it's easy to
point to the market and conditions. It's
easy to look at all of the things that
were outside of your control, but often
there's a pattern in these things like
that you are a huge part of. And so, I
really try to, you know, and I hate to
go all woo-woo, you kind of have to go
inside. You have to understand like what
is it that I missed and what is it that
I didn't see, and how can I change that
for the next thing? [music] For a long
time, Emma Grede has been the brains
behind growing other people's [music]
brands. But over the last few years,
she's been making a visible effort to be
front and center. Whether it's launching
a podcast, high-profile TV appearances,
or now her debut book on Start With
Yourself, this new chapter appears
firmly focused on building her own
brand. But I wanted to know why now and
what next. So, in the past, you used to
say you were a behind-the-scenes woman.
Yeah. What's changed? You know, I still
feel like a behind-the-scenes woman. I
still go into the office every single
day.
>> You have
a book.
>> the scenes in you know, behind the
scenes in front of the camera. Um, I do
a lot of things and and wear a few hats.
I think what I've realized as I've
become more successful
is that wherever I go, people ask me the
same questions. They always say, you
know, "How did you do this?" And I don't
think people are that interested in me.
I think they want to understand how they
can be successful for themselves. I'm
really trying to like lift the lid and
demystify what it means to have a
successful career and to start a
business and to scale a business and
what it means to sell or IPO a business,
and specifically through the lens of a
woman, because I believe that there is
social conditioning that actually makes
women avoid the exact behaviors that
lead to wealth creation, that lead to
success, that lead to leadership and
opportunity for us. What what do you
think actually doesn't serve
female leaders? Cuz it starts from a
very young age. How long have you got?
>> of time. [laughter]
I need to get these girls like when
they're 10, 11, 12, you know? Because a
lot of it is what we carry. I don't know
that the idea of imposter syndrome even
exist when we talk about male founders,
male entrepreneurs. Why would we be
talking about it so frequently for
women?
>> I've heard male entrepreneurs
>> Yeah. Did any of them say yes, they had
it? Yes. Really? Mhm. I've never heard
one.
>> say, "Look, I looked around the room and
I thought, actually, if they can do it,
I can do it."
>> I can do it. But the same sentence said
by a woman carries a different weight.
And I have seen, certainly in my own
career, this notion of imposter syndrome
can be planted as a seed even when it
doesn't exist. And that's what I want to
stop. I want to stop us stopping
ourselves getting out of the gates
before we've even given ourselves a
chance, because my experience is that
women are excellent at making money in
the business, and they are excellent at
just thinking about things in a really
unique way. And I hire so many women
that are brilliant, especially when they
come back into the workplace after
having children, because their time and
the way they think about things and is
so much more precious that they get
really really good at how to
>> Oh, they get so quickly. so much done,
and they get it done so quickly with a
different sense of urgency.
>> Do you see yourself as a retail mogul?
No. That's a conglomerate. [laughter]
You're all over the place. You're trying
to to to to build the next LVMH. Does
that feel good?
>> I mean, that's such an interesting
headline. How flattering. Um, I don't I
think that's a little I think that's
like Instagram headlines.
>> [laughter]
>> Oh, that's a good It's a good one. I
mean, yeah.
It's a good one.
>> what do you want to What are you trying
to build? What's really interesting is
that what I set out to do, I've kind of
done. I wanted to create businesses that
I could be really proud of, and I wanted
to be part of businesses that I really
enjoyed going in and working in every
day. Like I wake up on a Monday and I'm
like, let's go. And that for me is
winning, because where I grew up and
where I come from, people dreaded work.
They went to work to pay their bills,
and that is not what I do. I do it and I
do it for a lot less. I mean, I'm glad
it comes with what it does.
>> [laughter]
>> But you you see big. You dream big.
>> Yeah, I've always seen big and dreamed
big, but I think that there comes, you
know, there's a level of responsibility
that comes with that, because I think
that, you know, when I look at the
landscape, specifically for women,
specifically for women of color, you
know, I think that talent's fairly
evenly distributed, but opportunity
isn't. And so, when I look at the
ability that I have to create
opportunity for other people, that feels
like a responsibility for me. Not in a
like super worthy way, but in a way
where it's like, "Wow, there's a lot of
great stuff out there, and I've done
really well putting my money into other
female founders." So, I actually think
there's this whole part of what I'm
doing that is part lifting the lid, part
giving opportunity, part bringing, you
know, like a bunch of people into a
conversation and into the business
climate that might not otherwise be
doing it, and really they should.
>> Are you good at I mean, you seem very
good at identifying brands.
>> spotting things.
>> That well, are you Is it Is this I mean,
that's a difficult talent, right?
>> talent. And And listen, I think there's
a part of me that says, well, of course
that sounds easy now, cuz my deal flow
is so good, but I was good at it even
when it wasn't, you know? I I'm I'm good
at spotting opportunities. I think I
think like a customer, you know? I am my
own customer in so much of what I do. I
have a terrific sense of value and what
something is worth. If you buy a pair of
jeans from me for 149 bucks, they're
going to be worth like every 149 dollars
that you pay for them. Is a customer of
today radically different from the
customer of 10 years ago? Customers are
so much more informed, and there are no
barriers to what you can get, where you
can get it. And brands have more
responsibility to their customers than
ever before. Um, and and that's fine.
That's healthy, you know? May the best
brands win. Is Is it Is it more
difficult? It's just harder to sell.
Harder to to sell. Because of tariffs
and and moving stuff around.
>> and the the media landscape is so much
more fragmented. Yeah, I think if you go
back to when I started Good American,
you could find all of these crazy
unlocks, and that shifted into Instagram
and shifted into Tik Tok and now it's
totally fragmented and we're all like
struggling and going like, "Wait,
where's our customer coming from?" Um
the only thing
>> It's Yes, somewhat social media, but
what channels in social media and where
are you spending and how does, you know,
how does that shift and change on a
daily basis depending on the platform
and the vertical even within those
channels. So, I think there's a lot to
consider. The thing that I've learned is
that good product will always win and so
what I, you know, I don't let that side
of things keep me up at night. What
keeps me up at night is coming up with a
new innovation, constantly delighting
and pleasing our customers and coming up
with things that they don't even know
that they need.
>> Is there a brand that you admire more
than others?
>> goodness, there's so many brands that I
admire. We just spoke about LVMH, but
like Louis Vuitton, you know, I always
look at that brand cuz it's so hard to
stay that hot all the time. And, you
know, even when I think about a brand
like Chanel, you know, it's like it's a
brand that I have always wanted since I
was 10 years old and I want it even more
now, you know, I'm like I'm constantly
texting to figure out when I can get
this latest collection. Like, when does
it hit the store? How do I not miss it?
And I really admire brands that have
that type of staying power coupled with
that type of heat. That's a really,
really hard thing to do. Um and of
course I would say brands in fashion,
but you know, I I don't know enough
about like other other spaces. I'm of
course enthralled by what's happening in
AI at the moment and I feel like I'm
like everybody else, I'm just trying to
keep up and trying to make sure I
understand and trying to make sure that
I'm using everything at my disposal. Do
you think it'll change your business? It
is changing our business already. Yeah,
undoubtedly. In terms of hiring or how
do you staff it?
>> mostly in terms of like how we how we
are planning the business. So, when you
think about inventory needs, customer
data, the way that AI is able to get
into those systems and read quicker than
we've ever been able to. I think what's
really interesting is how how to think
about businesses in the age of AI. You
know, the way that I look at it is that
you have to safeguard everything that
requires a human touch, creativity,
innovation, design. Like, all of those
things should be done by people that
understand other people's needs and the
rest ought to be AI.
Okay, I have rapid fire. Are you ready?
I'm ready.
>> [laughter]
>> Working from home, good or bad? Working
from home is career suicide and we only
talk about that upside of working from
home and here we go. We know that people
don't really want to hear this. Think
about [music] what's happening in the
world, declining birth rates, declining
marriage rates, and loneliness epidemic
and we think that none of that is linked
to the number of people that like don't
see people because they're like doing
Zoom calls from the living room. Like,
it's so crazy to not make that
correlation. The key to a long and happy
life is your close relationships.
>> Should the unpaid internship be brought
back?
Listen, I did a lot of unpaid
internships and I did it while being
somebody that didn't have a lot of money
and that was a real struggle for me. It
was a huge unlock for me, the ability to
go into an organization and [music] get
under the hood without having any
qualifications or right to really be
there. I think that there have to be
certain [music] protections on it, but
I'd like to like lift the lid cuz
there's so much like to be learned. MBA,
worth it or waste of money?
Depends how much money you've got.
>> [laughter]
>> It wasn't my path. Listen, I I [music]
am a mother of four and so
the idea that any of my kids would go
and do an MBA would be an absolute
dream, but um would I force it on them?
That's like an individual decision and
if you can, then do, but if you can't,
don't sweat it. Emma, thank you so much.
Thank you so much. What a joy. That was
so fun. Thank you.
>> kind of like flew by. It's 7:15.
>> "What happened?" I'm like, "That was so
good." Pure.